Welcome to the challenge portion of this section.
Please follow the path shown here in your course.
Resources to get to the starter project.
In this challenge, the user can submit an item and it can be a category like furniture or technology.
For example, a couch for $300, and we can give them a $50 discount and maybe they have an order date
sometime in the past, like the 6th of April.
If you successfully submit that item, a banner will show up.
That said, you successfully submitted the item.
This is not something you've learned before, because if I were to just display the inventory, the
banner will disappear.
This banner only appears after a successful submission of the form, which means you're going to learn
about a new concept known as flash attributes.
Remember, the challenges are designed to be specifically harder than the workbooks, which means you
need to think outside the box and research a little bit on your own.
The relevant links can be found at the resources at learn the part.
We'll see you at the next lecture.